Transformations: Add "Rename By Regex" transformer (#29281)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/transformations/types-options.md

In the example above we chose **Match all** because we wanted to include the rows that have a temperature lower than 30 _AND_ an altitude higher than 100. If we wanted to include the rows that have a temperature lower than 30 _OR_ an altitude higher than 100 instead, then we would select **Match any**. This would include the first row in the original data, which has a temperature of 32°C (does not match the first condition) but an altitude of 101 (which matches the second condition), so it is included.

Conditions that are invalid or incompletely configured are ignored.

## Rename by regex

Use this transformation to rename parts of the query results using a regular expression and replacement pattern.

You can specify a regular expression, which is only applied to matches, along with a replacement pattern that support back references. For example, let's imagine you're visualizing CPU usage per host and you want to remove the domain name. You could set the regex to `([^\.]+)\..+` and the replacement pattern to `$1`, `web-01.example.com` would become `web-01`.

> Here is an example where we are stripping the prefix from event types, in the before you can see everything is prefixed with `system.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we are stripping the prefix from event types. In the before image, you can see everything is prefixed with `system.`
```

> {{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/transformations/rename-by-regex-before-7-3.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}

Reviewer: Why are the images named before-7-3? If we are adding new images, should we capture them from the latest build?

Conditions that are invalid or incompletely configured are ignored.

## Rename by regex

Use this transformation to rename parts of the query results using a regular expression and replacement pattern.

You can specify a regular expression, which is only applied to matches, along with a replacement pattern that support back references. For example, let's imagine you're visualizing CPU usage per host and you want to remove the domain name. You could set the regex to `([^\.]+)\..+` and the replacement pattern to `$1`, `web-01.example.com` would become `web-01`.

Here is an example where we are stripping the prefix from event types, in the before you can see everything is prefixed with `system.`

> {{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/transformations/rename-by-regex-before.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/transformations/rename-by-regex-before-7-3.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}
```

With the transformation applied, you can see we are left with just the remainder of the string.

> {{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/transformations/rename-by-regex-after.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/transformations/rename-by-regex-after-7-3.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" max-width= "1100px" >}}
```
